hello everybody I'm gonna show you how
to make a custom amiibo case out of just
using your own box I'm just gonna use
the Samus one as a bit of an example so
basically what you're gonna get it
you're gonna want to do take the back
off take this piece out and take this
little mibu P sub two and you're gonna
want to cut the amiibo piece right on
this crease here okay so we're just
gonna do that okay so now let's cut off
and you're gonna have this so we're
gonna take this piece here and we're
just gonna put it in here so that the
amiibo thing is on the inside of the box
okay now you're just gonna put your mibu
back in like it was when you opened it
and just close it off and it's like a
little case it'd look quite cool you're
gonna probably gonna want to tape the
amiibo thing but I'll just do that later
on my own but if you think you're gonna
use this just leave a comment